you are awesome and be beautiful and
this is the time to get out of your
comfort zone and find out what it is in
this world that you truly have a love
for believe in yourself that was the
message to more than 700 area high
school girls at this year's young
women's lead conference keynote speakers
included former Olympic gymnast
Dominique Dawes and Julie Murray carrier
an award-winning national speaker author
and positive role model you as a human
being are priceless and no one and
nothing can take that away from you
never give up a commitment by healthy
values that is very very important at
the end of the day it's great to
accomplish it is but it's more important
to be a good person of character the
event is designed to help high school
young women discover their inequality
strengths and to challenge them to reach
higher levels of personal growth and
development yeah this year's theme is I
believe I can and so we've tried to
weave that throughout both in the track
sessions and then also in our morning
and closing topics and what we really
wanted to encourage them to do is it
really starts with believing in yourself
that you have that potential so once you
believe it then you can start to work to
achieve it it's really a meet atmosphere
I think it's really important for high
schoolers especially girls to discover
what their passion is and today it's
really encouraged me to try and
find my passion before I pursue a career
participants at the conference were
invited to attend a variety of inspiring
breakout lectures on the campus of
Northern Kentucky University session
topics included careers personal
development health and wellness respect
and confidence in relationships can be a
powerful combination trying new things
being creative challenging myself the
presentations were delivered by women
who represent a variety of careers
choices or are experts on issues that
high school girls are facing the
sessions are designed to teach the
important skills needed for women to be
successful in the workforce and ways for
them to develop leadership skills a
mission for young women lead is to
inspire and encourage these high school
girls to realize their full potential by
utilizing their strengths and exploring
those topics through leadership
education and development it's inspired
me to be a better person and see myself
for who I really am and not for how
other people see me or how their people
have seen me in the past I think having
just went in here it really helps
because you not embarrassed to say
something and you feel like you can
really be open with everyone else
it really just teaches me how to go back
into my school and be the best leader
that I can be
the young women at the conference were
treated to free products as part of
event sponsor Procter & Gamble's mean
stinks anti-bullying campaign Toyota was
also a major sponsor for the event
there's so many pressures on young young
people today in the world that we live
in and if we can make it more real for
them that what is what is real and
what's important and set them on a path
to a good future that's that's all we
can ask for the young women's league
conference is an event produced by soar
which is a professional development
organization supporting high potential
young women once you figure out what
your passion is there is a road there's
a direction there's steps that you need
to take belays I believe that each and
every one of you is a masterpiece the
event organizers hope all these young
women turn into masterpieces in making
the future brighter in local business
and beyond to learn more about the
mission visit www.meliar.com/mpanel.htm